MainActor.run content fix #57 (#71)
apple/swift-migration-guide: Guide.docc/IncrementalAdoption.md

Combining static and dynamic isolation can be a powerful tool to keep the
scope of changes gradual.

> ### Manual MainActor Isolation

Reviewer: Something like `Changing execution context to the MainActor` maybe?

I know you mean manual in terms of "not just the annotation which makes it work" but I wonder if it's a bit unusual to refer to calling async funcs with right isolation as "manual" 🤔

> The `assumeIsolated` method is synchronous and exists to express isolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `assumeIsolated` method is synchronous and exists to recover isolation information
from runtime back into the type-system by preventing execution if the assumption was incorrect.
```

that would otherwise be invisible to the compiler.
The `MainActor` type also has a method you can use to manually switch
isolation in an asynchronous context.

```swift
// type that should be MainActor, but has not been updated yet
class PersonalTransportation {
}

await MainActor.run {
    // isolated to the MainActor here
    let transport = PersonalTransportation()
    
    // ...
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe also do a note here that "the preferable solution would be to annotate PersonalTransportation with@MainActor?

Author: yes agreed!
